Add explanation of `None` role in documentation and instructor gradebook view (#2008)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: doc/courseInstance.md

Role         | Description
---          | ---

> `None`       | A user who at one point was enrolled in the course and, then, unenrolled. They can no longer access the course, but the work done within the course has been retained.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`None`       | A user who at one point added the course and later removed themselves. They can no longer access the course but their work done within the course has been retained.
```
